Replace quickstart (#5102)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/quickstart.rst

    Once the assistant finishes the installation, the output shows the access credentials, where to find them, and a message that confirms that the installation was successful.

    .. code-block:: none
        :emphasize-lines: 4          
     
        INFO: --- Summary ---
        INFO: You can access the web interface https://<wazuh-dashboard-ip>.
            User: admin
            Password: <ADMIN_PASSWORD>
        INFO: The password can be seen in the file /var/log/wazuh-install.log
        INFO: Installation finished.

    You now have installed and configured Wazuh.

#.  Access the Wazuh web interface with ``https://<wazuh-dashboard-ip>`` and your credentials:

    -   Username: admin
    -   Password: <ADMIN_PASSWORD>

When you access the Wazuh dashboard for the first time, the browser shows a warning message stating that the certificate was not issued by a trusted authority. This is expected and the user has the option to accept the certificate as an exception or, alternatively, configure the system to use a certificate from a trusted authority.
 
.. note::
  

>     If you want to uninstall the Wazuh central components, run the Wazuh unattended installer using the option ``-u`` or ``–-uninstall``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to uninstall the Wazuh central components, run the Wazuh installation assistant using the option ``-u`` or ``–-uninstall``.
```
